# as-lightning

### 2024-03-24 13:54

1. no manifestation (until connection is made).
2. the realisation is the manifestation (until connection is made).
3. the leader shoots out when enough pressure/mass has built up.
4. the manifestation upon reaching the destiny is very short-lived but quite energetic.
5. is caused by a buildup of unwanted, where the lightning is the solution to the problem.

watch the leader of a lightning find its path toward its destiny (the conductor opposite a medium): as it pushes outwards (pushed by the built up pressure), it's blind and of completely different quality/vibration of the medium its traversing, so its only guidance is the feeling/harmony/resonance/nearness of itself in relation to its destiny. each step along the path, the leader has to go (blindly) in the direction that it feels is going to be the best path toward the destiny. as it traverses the medium, the sensation of the destiny will start to feel like it's a bit more in another direction (let's say a few degrees diffrent to the angle it's going), or it's hitting a part which has signifcantly increased resistance (and so feels like a slowdown). upon making the realisation, it turns to go in a new direction it feels easier or most resonant with. no manifestation, just recalculation. it keeps going, and again, it'll notice something feels a bit off about the direction and make another correction. each realisation produces another correction, and each one is just a step along the path. that process continues ad infinitum, where no manifestation occurs through the entire traversal of the m5dium. (just imagine if halfway along, the leader's is like, "well here feels good" and that's as far as he goes, lol). manifestaion *can only occur* after the whole medium has been traversed, and never before (it can't discharge into the insulating medium); and sometimes (if the vibration of the destiny changes), perhaps not even at all, but under those circumstances, the problem/pressure buildup hasn't been solved/relieved, so it'll another attempt will be made ASAP.
every adjustment along the path looks like a slight failure or miscalculation, but it's not in actuality; and often times a lower resistance route is not the most direct route, which means many recalculations have to be made along the way.
all along the path, the leader is leaving a low resistance pathway behind it; which, upon connection, the full potential/mass of electron pressure behind it will soon follow once the connection is made.
the buildup is an accumulation of oppsitely/dissonantly charged/rotating/vibrating particles, that need to find a place a new place where they can spread out, or have a harmonius relationship with the new conditons. it's that dissonace/pressure which produces the need/desire for the leader to traverse the medium and make a pathway for the pressure to be released, and also the fuel/pressure necessary for him to "break on through to the other side".
